Welcome, girls, to this lecture.
This is an important lecture because in this lecture we are going to learn how you can find and run
any cell I command.
This is a more of a teaching you how to fish kind of a lecture and not giving you the fish directly.
So in future, if something changes, new service comes out, you will know how to handle it.
All right.
With that being said, let's jump into our trusty cloud shell.
So we have cloud shell up and running with SQL already installed.
Now then go to Google and run NWS CLI commands.
And the first link from us should be the link that we are looking for.
So it is Amazon.com slash CLI and then click CLI reference.
Here is all the commands that's available.
So let's say you want to list all the lambdas in your account.
So if you scroll down, it is going to list all the available services that you can use the CLI with.
What I do is if I know what service I want to work with, I simply press control F or the find command
and then type in the name of the service, in this case Lambda.
And then you click this and this s means the command will start with the S and then you need to use
Lambda and then you scroll down and it shows all the available commands.
So here you have to just maybe do click a couple of times.
You might not get this right.
So let's say we want to display all the lambdas available in my account.
So basically I am trying to list all the lambdas.
So you might think get function is it.
But if you click get function it's actually to get the details of a particular lambda.
So now you know that's not the correct command.
So you go back and then you see this list functions.
So you click that and it shows returns a list of lambda functions, right?
So you know, this is the command you need to use and if you scroll down, it is going to show an example.
But let's say you want to have example for everything.
So the good way to remember is it shows the W.S. Lambda List functions, and then it shows the required
and optional fields.
Whichever option is inside this square brackets means they're optional.
You don't need to provide them.
So for this command, since we are starting with SQLite, this is a pretty straightforward command that
is no required fields.
So how do you run this command?
Very simple.
You type it up s space, lambda space list dash functions.
So let's try it out.
Adam Lewis Test.
Lambda Space List Functions.
All right.
So it gives me all the lambdas in this account and in this region.
So get bitcoin price and then I can keep scrolling and it is going to show everything so you can type
control C to get out of the listing.
Now let's say you want to invoke a lambda function, so I'm going to go back to all the available options
under lambda.
So invoke this sounds like the right one.
Click invoke and then if you scroll down, you could see in this case you need to pass the function
name and out file so this out file will save the output and note that both the function name and out
file is not inside a square bracket.
That means they are mandatory fields and the function name you could give the function name or the air
in.
So let's say I have this lambda function get bitcoin price to which gets the bitcoin price for the current
date and time.
So if I run test it simply says price of bitcoin is this and then it doesn't take any input.
So let's try to invoke this lambda function.
So we have this function area.
And so I'm just going to copy this function and go back to the cloud shell and then I'm going to open
this and the command side by side.
All right, so let's start typing in blue as lambda.
Invoke.
And then we put dash dash function that's name past the air.
N And then we have to give the name of the file.
Let's say we're just going to put output txt this output txt file does not need to exist.
This NASA command will create the file as well as put the output inside this file.
All right, so let's present our status quo.
200 means the function has been invoked successfully and the output is saved in output.
TXT So we can see that we already learn this part.
How do you display the content of a file in Linux?
Cat sparse file let.
So it shows the price of Bitcoin.
All right.
So that's how you invoke a lambda.
Hopefully at this point, you folks are starting to get the idea of how to run any ad command.
So let's go back out.
Let's say we want to create an S3 bucket.
So I'm on the SLA command page, so I'm simply do control F and it's three.
Here we go.
Select us three.
Okay, so now we want to create a three.
So we're going to scroll down to available commands.
S3 fortunately doesn't have that many available commands, so m b is four meg bucket.
If you don't know that, you have to click around a little bit or you can google up to you.
So emby.
So if I scroll down.
So pretty straightforward.
Space three, space emby.
And then you have to give the name of the bucket.
So here are some examples as well.
So let's try it out on the left end of Lewis three and B se three column slash slash wac fly cause test.
Let's press enter.
All right.
The bucket is successfully created.
So now I also want to remove this bucket.
So to remove ram.
So very similar to the Linux commands.
So scroll down a w s paste three spacer n and then the name of the bucket with the S3.
Your ISO basically has three columns last class.
So I'm going to type in s s space s three.
Space r.
M.
And then se three column slash slash WAC ally
course test presenter.
All right, the bucket is removed.
All right, folks, this is how you can find and run any SQL commands.
And this will become handy when we actually run a DevOps jobs to create, manipulate, delete different
resources.
Alright, folks, that's it for this one.
I'll see you guys and girls in the next lecture by.